ST558 Project3
================
Yi Ren
Nov 13, 2022

For project3, I am partner with Rachel to create predictive models and automate R Markdown reports for news popularity based off on different channels.

## Links
[GitHub pages](https://rraeyyi.github.io/Project3)

[Repo pages](https://github.com/rraeyyi/Project3)

## Challenges
1. The hardest part for me is definitely GitHub setups. After trying all the types of solutions, even ereased all my files, I finally make it work.(Actually, it's not that hard.) I guess what makes things complicated was when I googled by the error message, I wan't able to tell what the terminal command actually want to acheive. Then I just simply followed the instruction. (I think I understand so much better now.)

2. In real life, it's probabily very hard to pick variables directly from the dataset. We might need to repeat the model so many times to find a realtively better model. Sometimes, it would conflict as the parameter changes. So we need to consider which criteria is more important in our case. RMSE tells us the typical distance between the predicted value made by the regression model and the actual value. On the other hand, R2 tells us how well the predictor variables can explain the variation in the response variable.

## Take-aways
### Github Repo Setup on macbook
I'd like to summarize my own notes for people who is using macbook and struggling with Github setup.

In general, the first step is to setup a SSH key on Github. [How to setup SSH for GitHub on Mac [2022]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZYJKXXMvkM) is great video to start. After setting up the key, new project -> version control -> Git -> **instead of URL, paste SSH link** 

Some common errors I came across:  
If you have trouble clone the repo, and the error message was saying "Destination path already exists and is not an empty directory". The solution is:
+ ls -a
+ rm -rf Project3
+ git clone git@github.com:rraeyyi/Project3.git

If you pushed the file but not showing up on Github, you might want to create a new branch. I called mine *yi-changes*. And the message saying "Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 1 commit." The solution is:
+ cd Project3
+ git switch yi-changes
+ git fetch



